1. This is a review of the manuscript "Testing Newton's second law of motion" by Brunie, Kadan, Sobel, and Ramesh. The manuscript claims to examine whether mass affects the acceleration of an object and the time it takes to hit the ground. The manuscript needs major revisions before it as acceptable for publication.

2. Major comments:
  a. Title - Testing Newton's second law... found what? The title is a generic explanation of nothing.
  b. Abstract - The MS appears to deal specifically with objects falling near the surface of the earth. It is limited to objects ebtween the size of a bowling ball and a baseball (not mentioned until later) falling from a 2nd story window thus the strength of their claims is more limited than they make it appear. The conclusion that "mass does not affect the acceleration of an object in freefall" is not true - unless the authors list the conditions under which their analysis is valid. For example, with air resistance their findings are not valid. Over long distances where the acceleration varies their findings are not valid; this only works in the narrow realm where $g \sim 9.8$ near the surface of the earth.
  c. Authors cite findings about freefall and things Galileo and Newton demonstrated without giving citations. They develop a relationship $y=\frac{1}{2}gt^2$ without explaining the limitations on it, which is necessary because they are out to test whether it "holds true" or not. The way they design the experiment risks confirmation bias, as they are out to show that established theory holds true without explicitly considering and refuting alternatives.
  d. Methods - the methods figure is rather useless and could be made smaller. Key details are missing such as the resolution, the distance, the field of view, the size/source of the balls dropped; while other extraneous details are included like the countdown. The method of timing is manual (not explained) and they ention it was "repeated five times to ensure the data is accurate and not impaired by outside measures" which sounds funny and does not explain their reasoning.
  Calcuations - this section should be written in past tense, no explanation or citation of "Tracker" is given. The equations given are not numbered and it is not explained under what conditions these equations are valid.
  e. Results - Two figures are given showing one basebal and one bowling ball fall. The figures are poorly done and have different x scales and no way to directly compare the two. Also, the figures do NOT show the results of the several replicates the group claims to have done. The timing results from stopwatches are not given at all!
  f. Discussion - The discussion does not refer to figs 1 or 2 and doe snot provide any of the time data that they claim as evidence "proving the mass does not influence graviational acceleration". The claim is ridiculous as
  \begin{equation}
  F = G \frac{m_1 m_2}{r^2}
  \end{equation}
  results in accelerations that explicitly do depend on both the mass of the object and the mass of the earth. This gulf between theory and the groups' observations needs to be explained!
  The authors claim "you can see that the velocity oft het wo balls slowly increased while acceleration remained nearly constant" but provide neither velocity nor acceleration data! Conclusions with no data are not allowed! The mass of the balls is not even given. "A slight error is assumed" - rather than actually seeing how much error there was we're just supposed to assume something slight? This ought to be rejected!

